we want to continue that energy that
dedication into the summer split that
means a really aggressive use of time
during our break between sports well it
is the end of spring split as we head
into playoffs and unfortunately CLG will
not be moving on but I am joined right
now by Nick Allen who is the CEO oh the
head of I just think of you as the head
of CLG to talk a little bit about clg's
performance the split with carbs
presented by Omni / did you have
something you want to say no I'm you're
doing a really good job leaning in like
say something like it's instinctual but
uh but you know I really like your your
mic was that a flag that's my flag
Matt come matcom former CLG employee
made this oh nice to see I knew all the
terminology there you go I'm very proud
of you anyway yeah I mean he used to do
interviews
you broke Reggie's retirement and then
he didn't retire he's a liar yeah anyway
let's talk a little bit about how CLG
did so first half of the split CLG
defied a lot of people's expectations
Jeff have you guys placed number one and
you guys just lost a lot of games but at
some point in time like weeks seven
weeks six you did an AMA on the seal
jisub right it was highly anticipated
event and then after that you guys
started winning a ton this this weekend
borrowing this weekend but you guys went
on this pretty big win streak what what
happened there why was it around that
time that everything started to change
for the team I don't think it was
necessarily the AMA that I think anyone
thinks I don't think I have that kind of
power but I think the AMA marked a time
in the organization when we had a shift
in we had a paradigm shift where things
just needed to change we needed to mix
it up I think we tried incremental
things along the way and I've hit on
this before and then we just had to like
make some big moves right so in the way
that we communicate in-game we talked
about bio frost shock calling that's
like one thing of many that was changed
in general I think there was a
organizational wide effort to improve
things even if it's just by as little as
1% and so I think you know we're asking
everyone like hey our facility manager
and chef Angela hey how do what do you
think is going wrong like how what can
these guys be doing better you're seeing
a lot of their personality out here and
like the the general area the house was
a chef that saved the day
exactly so actually he's like make
Vincent the shot-caller that's what you
need to do yeah but I just I think over
time we just spent a lot of time and
resources trying to experiment with
different things and also just
organizational wide support sort of new
levels I think with it within CLG you
know we all have a lot of different hats
that we wear lots that we that we do
novice this is always a priority but I
think there was a sort of unifying
energy and feeling within the team that
we all needed to be doing more to
support the team coats and edilene as
the split is going on I haven't noticed
I see you every couple weeks your hair
gets gray and grayer so how now I also
know that you just had a child so what
about a year ago so what what do you
think has been contributing more to the
increase of gray hair the team and the
organization or being a father I really
like it when you point out things about
my physical appearance that's that's
that's my favorite there's a lot of work
to be done it's funny because my wife
were just like wow you're getting gray
in your beard I was like just let me
pretend that I'm still young there's
just a lot to do it's tireless hours
trying to get the team in a position
where they're not only winning but
they're also creating content and doing
interesting things for our fans and so
you know I think the gray is natural a
natural thing but I would say if
anything it's just how much work I'm
putting in and I think across the
organization people are putting into and
with great power comes great
responsibility
and age and age and gray hair and a
receding hairline and all these amazing
things but in general just long tireless
hours trying to support the team and
every
that I can so with the lineup that we
have right now and sort of the coaching
staff all that what what are you guys
looking to do and are we gonna see any
kind of changes or are you guys looking
to do anything behind the scenes with
CLG between spring split or summer split
because you guys are kind of in a weird
position where overall you didn't make
playoffs and yet at the end of the split
looks rather strong so you know how do
you approach that as you move into this
sort of break between spring and summer
split yeah we have a decision in front
of us right we have a few months now
before the summer split and we can kick
back relax and rest which obviously
everyone needs a little bit of rest now
and then gods but there's this other
decision in front of us which is let's
let's work extremely hard during the
break to start preparing for the summer
split which means tons more soloqueue
more scrims when we can get it more
research and developments and
potentially like more support internally
whether it's coaches or other things too
and so you know we're really leaning
towards that direction we want to
continue to to work hard and that's
really what this last like three weeks
of the split last four weeks everyone's
working hard but I mean we want to
continue that energy that dedication
into the summer split that means a
really aggressive use of time during our
break between splits so it sounds like
less less of a vacation more of a
hunkering down on getting ready for
summer right I mean everyone will take a
little bit of a break but then we'll get
right back to it and I you know our goal
for the the break is to work harder than
any other team to get ready and bounce
back and you know I think a lot of it
comes with us being really unhappy with
with the results and obviously we had a
couple good weeks there as you saw today
like we still have an insane amount of
work to do and we can't get comfortable
or complacent and I think everyone has
that mentality in the way that that
manifests is by putting in long hours
and a lot of practice any updates on the
we've just seen the giant Team Liquid
unveiling of their training facility for
a while seal she's been teasing that you
guys are getting a new facility a new
office on any updates on what's going on
there
so we're targeting an opening in the
next probably couple months May June
something like that we'll have lots to
show you guys I know our fans are like
hey what's going on with the office can
we get some more updates and so here's a
small update for you guys that in terms
of the timing but we're still picking
out furniture we're still picking out
the carpet there's a lot of polish and
things to do inside and we're gonna be
really excited to show everybody once
it's ready to go so there is a building
there is a building it's been selected
it's been selected
has it been painted it there's paint in
there I mean there's lots of
construction things i returning it from
what is like a conventional business
into like an esports you know training
facility and so in doing that there's a
lot of changes that need to happen it's
gonna be good internet any great
internet did you actually a random
question because whenever people scout
team houses the artists are trying to
figure out like the internet options did
you guys like look at all these
buildings and was internet like a huge
part of that I think for I think it's
different with a house and a
commercially let's have a check the
internet yes yeah we have but all the
places that we check have access to
really good internet and at our house
right now we have four different
internet providers for all this
different redundancy and well we
probably won't go to that level for the
new office but we're gonna have a lot of
a lot of power a lot of power internet
power ok do you know how internet speeds
are measured cuz it's not big big big
pipes or something I don't know might
want to have somebody else check it on
the internet stuff free is my understand
internet works alright anything else
that you can talk about what's going on
in the steel G organization you guys got
into rocket League recently which I know
I mean you used to run for lack of a
better word the real LCS the our LCS the
rocket league championship series was
that always a plan for you getting into
the space yeah rocket League we started
looking at teams I think my third or
fourth week at CLG I the game has a lot
of promise it's a huge audience and it's
fun to watch and so we wanted to get in
I think there's across the board we as
an organization are learning I talked
about soon they may learn
how to expand what games and what
ecosystems are right for expansion and
right for CLG not only as a brand but
from a business perspective and that's
across the board it's not only in our
game expansion but it's you know our
internal systems and processes
everything that we do we're always
trying to improve and get better how
about with fortnight what do you think
of for tonight there's a rumor that
ninjas contract is ending with
luminosity soon I don't know about Drake
and what his contract is with his agency
but are you looking at fortnight at all
I mean we've been in talks with Drake
he's looking to switch careers we're
gonna try to make it work CLG might be
the place with all the powerful internet
that you have is I think that's gonna
draw him the infrastructure yeah big
pipes packed but what do you think of
the battle royale like adventure and
everything that's going on there that's
big I was in South by Southwest for a
couple eastwards panels and people
couldn't stop talking about the Drake
thing in battle in general pubsey one
eSports game of the year it's other GCC
I think anyway because you see starts
next week yeah so what I I'm not
confident that the battle royale genre
is gonna be really entertaining to watch
from an eSports perspective I think it
will definitely and it's proven to be
very interesting to watch from an
influencer broadcaster or like
individual perspective and you know I
think a lot of folks rushed into pub G
picked up teams and players and got
really excited about it and then
fortnight came in and sort of just like
Mustang pub G is you know dead but I
think 4/9 is obviously there now
everybody's like oh it's all about
fortnight now but basically when the
space of like 30 days it feels right so
I'm hesitant it's obviously too big to
ignore
and it's about also for me understanding
like what are the game company's plans
for eSports what's the future what's the
content pipeline there's a lot of
questions that go into whether or not
we're gonna expand into a game but it's
clear that like it's something huge and
massive and it's exciting to have this
much momentum especially from mainstream
media and celebrities and whatnot around
the game and then other than that cuz
I'm for a while people were like okay
shield I think the four big complaints I
saw CLG sucking in league that scene
to be you're getting that short up the
seal geez not entering any other games
and you got the rocket League thing
going
CLG like there haven't been any big
sponsorship announcements anything that
you can tease there yeah next week the
week after just stay tuned guys I think
we're gonna have we have some cool stuff
to announce we're making progress and
these things take time but in general
we're like we're finding a lot of
success there yeah and then the fourth
thing was staffing people are like okay
these guys are leaving or it you guys
hiring what's going on and I saw
recently you tweeted out a new hire or
somebody you retweeted somebody's
joining the so what can you talk about
on the personnel side yeah so we're
we're making hires across the board and
all the aspects of the company so Brian
Tran who we were tweeting about coming
from Blizzard over to CLG is our
Director of Operations powers are in a
Director of Finance and so there's a lot
of roles behind the scenes that just
make the the company go right and so
we've hired a lot and that and that
capacity and and leveled up the
organization a lot of ways around that
so we're we're not quite the well-oiled
machine that we need to be but in
general we brought in some good people
and continue to continue to bring them
in and so if you're looking for a job
and go the CLG website check it out
there's job openings so if you ever find
yourself in a tough tough spot cuz I
know you're not doing super well you
keep begging people for patreon emoni
and all that I'll check out your resume
okay will you check out my patreon not
really interested in well so full all
right do you have a place to put all
these people you don't even have an
office yet for the work right I'm in the
house yeah yeah
Brian the Blizzard campus is a little
different than the current CLG campus
you might find it you don't have a
Starbucks here we make sure that people
get to come to the house before they
start so they know exactly I mean it's
it's so awesome and it's a really fun
environment and the facility's gonna
make it even better well I've got my
patreon situation you've got your
everybody working out of a house
situation we've got our own problems is
there anything you want to say to any of
the seals you fans out there
CLG fans have been incredible through
the ups and downs of this split and I am
enamoured by how passionate they are I
think to say the least
and so thanks guys for supporting CLG we
have the best fans in the world
you guys care super deeply and and and
we appreciate that and we actually we
feel an immense amount of responsibility
to be successful for you guys so we're
working hard to improve and appreciate
all the support all this way well
enjoying your time off from legal
legends you and you and Hunter can hang
out together I'm gonna be in Miami
oh are you yeah we're doing it we're
trying to do a live hotline leak there
not that I'm interested in hanging out
what if I told you the current plan and
I'm terrible at the whole like unveiling
plans once they're actually figured out
but the current plan frontline league is
to have an after-party afterwards where
there's drinking so what you is that H
interest line League yes you didn't go
on there no we will do hot light League
first because we have sponsors attached
to it it'd be a bad idea to opposite so
okay the show airs and then there's a
party after I think you should flip it I
think you should let marks ego just go
crazy and then get him on there I don't
want it in his he probably he would like
to make money the next two days by
working for Riot and I'm not sure if he
would be able to do that if he got drunk
and then went on the air a small price
to pay for the greatest show of all time
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all the things eSports right
here at my youtube channel today we live
in an ever-changing world so much is
going on and we just don't know what to
expect next it's just a crazy time but
in these moments you need to comfort of
something stable like my LCS interviews
which you can get by subscribing to this
YouTube channel and are made possible by
Omni slash thank you